Hi, my name is Jurek
I provide instruction when it comes to cat. A.
Today I would like to present a Yamaha XJ6 motorcycle, which is used in the Provincial Traffic Center
during the examination and I would like to discuss, so to speak, the basic elements that we have to check on
maneuvering square.
Start by checking the chain tension, it works between one wheel. and the other wheel.
In the middle, the chain deflection should be between 4.5 and 5.5 cm, if there is more, the chain will be too loose
if there is less, the chain will be too tight.
After checking the chain tension, we must be able to indicate the lights.
We will discuss all the lights from the beginning.
The first light that we must be able to show is the position light.
It is activated after turning the ignition switch, it determines the position of the motorcycle on the road.
The front is white, the back is red.
It should be mentioned that the position light also illuminates the white license plate.
Another light that we must be able to point is the passing beam.
The passing beam in this motorcycle is switched on from the machine, i.e. to start it, we need to start the motorcycle.
We start the motorcycle and show in front that the passing beam is here.
Another light that we have to present is the traffic light.
We must know that the traffic light is activated with the passing lights, ie the motorcycle is still moving.
The switch switches from dipped beam to road and road lights are activated by the switch on the left.
Another light that we must be able to present is the direction-indicator light.
At the beginning we present a turn signal on the left front, a turn signal on the left rear.
Then the right-hand turn signal at the rear, the right-hand turn signal at the front.
We must also be able to show the emergency lights - with this switch we turn on emergency lights.
The back is on the right and on the left, on the front also on the right and on the left.
Another light is stop brake light.
The brake light is signaled by lighting the red lamp at the rear.
It is activated from the foot brake and activated from the handbrake.
If we have discussed all the lights, we still have to sound the signal.
And then indication of operating fluids.